Bumping Wiggins Tag: CLI Scan URL with branch and revision (#378)
fossas/spectrometer: Changelog.md

# Spectrometer Changelog

## v2.15.22

> - The output from `analyze` command includes the Scan URL with branch and revisionID ([#378](https://github.com/fossas/spectrometer/pull/378))

Reviewer: Please clarify that this is when running with `--experimental-enable-monorepo`; this change doesn't alter the standard `fossa analyze` command (which already rendered the result correctly)

Author: Gotcha, thanks!

> - The Scan URL from `fossa analyze --experimental-enable-monorepo` command was missing the branch and revisionId ([#378](https://github.com/fossas/spectrometer/pull/378))

Reviewer: Spectrometer release notes are written like "[version x.y.z] <release log changes>" as a sentence.
Observe the previous release notes to see this pattern in action.

Given that, instead of saying "was missing", we would want to use something like this:
```suggestion
- Adds branch and revision information to the URL reported at the end of a `fossa analyze --experimental-enable-monorepo` scan. ([#378](https://github.com/fossas/spectrometer/pull/378))
```

The idea here is to say "this release now does this new or different thing" rather than "this release fixed a bug [and doesn't mention what that means to the user]".

Author: Makes total sense, thanks!
